---
layout: "post"
title: "我的新概念英语练习"
date: "2016-05-12 07:11 +0800"
---
## Lesson 69
### Summary writing
When Mr.Eames had driven successfully in heavy traffic during his third driving test, the examiner instructed him to drive out of town.
He told him to suppose that a child would cross the road in front of him.
Mr.eames would have to stop the car within five feet when the examiner tapped on the window.
Though he tapped loudly, Mr.Eames did not react quickly eough and ~~he~~ was told that he had just killed that child.

## Composition
Three months later Eames appeared for his fourth test, while driving, he was told to stop again. as soon as he heard the tap, he pressed the brake padel very hard. the examiner was thrown forward, but the child's life was save, Eames passed his test, but the examiner said,'you almost killed me this time!'.

## Lesson 68
### Summary writing

Even thought Elizabeth tried to avoid meeting Nigel, she was not able to so.

As he always insists on accompanying her, she had to think of a way preventing him from following her all morning.

When she told him she wa going to the dentist, he sain he would come with her because there's always plenty to read in the waiting room.

### Composition
As there was a dentist nearby whome she knew well. Elizabeth decided to go there in order to explan what had happened.

While Nigel was in the waiting room. Elizabeth spoke to the dentist and he told her leave at once through another door.

after Elizabeth left, the dentist went into  the waiting room and asked Nigel if he wanted his teeth examined.

## Lesson 67

### Summary writing
Tazieff, the Polish scientist, went to lake Kivu to observe a new volcano which he called Kiturou.
after he took photographs, he had to leave almost at once because a river of liquid rocks threatened to surround him.
He escaped just in time but he returned two days later when the volcano had become queit.
He climed into the mouth of the volcano this time in order to take photographs and measure temperatures.

### Composition
Tazieff went into the mouth of Kituro.
he saw the boiling red centre with ash and lumps of rock shooting up.
In great danger, he took photographs and then return to camp.

## Lesson 60

### Summary writing

The writer visited a fortune-teller at a village fair who she told him that a relation was coming to see him.

she added that a woman he knows well would speak to him and he would follow her out of the fair.

this came true because his wift spoke to him when he went outside.

she told him they had to meet his sister at the station and lead him out of the fare.

### Composition
1 Fortune-teller always tell the truth because they speak in general terms.

2 If they say you will go on a journey or you will meet a friend, the are right, because we often does these things.

## Lesson 61

### Summary writing
When the Hubble was lauched into space on April 20,1990, the pictures it sent us were dispointing because its main mirror was faulty.
the four astronauts from the shullte Endeavour will be repairing the Hubble, and evntually the Hubbl will tell us about the age and size of the universe.

### Composition
There was trouble with the Hubble, because the main mirror was faulty. the pictures it sent us were very dispointing. Now the shullte Endeavour will take four astronauts to make the neccessary repaires. The Hubble will soon send the clearest pictures we have ever seen.

## Lesson 62
### Summary writing
It took the firemen nearly three weeks to get the forest fire under control. Now that all the trees had been burnt, the heavy rain would cause the serious floods which would destroy the surrounding villages. To prevent this the forest authorites ordered grass-seed which was sprayed over the ground for nearly a month by planes. By the time that it began to rain, the grass seed had taken root in the blackened soil.

## Composition

1. the firemen cut down trees in order to prevent the fire from spreading.
2. ~~The fire which caused millions of pounds' worth of damage raged for two weeks.~~
The fire ,which raged for two weeks, caused millions of pounds's worth of damage.
3. The forest worker planted young trees quickly so that the whole area would not become a desert.

## Lesson 63

### Summary writing
When Jeremy was invited to a wedding party, he immediately agree to do so, who is admired for his great sense of humour. since the speech contained a lot of funny stories, it was a great success. when his six-year-old daughter, Jenny, wanted to go home after his speech, he was dispointed. she did not enjoy it because she did not like to see so many people laughing at him.

### Composition
Jeremy was amused by Jenney's answer. he explained why everybody laughed. some time later there was an another reception, Jeremy was invite to make a speech too, but this time the speech was not funy. as soon as he finished, jenny asked him why no one laughed.

## Lesson 65

### Summary writing
after having decide to take some presents to a children's hospital, the circus owner, Jimmy Gates, dressed up as Father Christmas and set off down the main street of the city riding an elephant called Jumbo.
On being told that he was holding up the traffic, Jimmy agreed to go a side street, but Jumbo refused to move, so fifteen policemen had to push him off the main street.
as he had a good record, however, Jumbo was not arrested.

### Composition
The children were waiting at the hospital, When Jimmy and the guard of honour arrived, the children gave them  a great welome. Jimmy gave presents to the childrens, they rode on Jumbo, it was time to leave, Jumbo refused to move again.

## Lesson 66
### Summary writting
the Lancaster bomber was not badly damaged when it crashed on a remote island in the south Pacific.
Then the wreck remained undisturbed until it was accidentally rediscovered.
The French authorities had the plane packaged and moved in parts back to France where a group of enthusiasts will be having it restored.
They will have to have three engines rebuilt, but the fourth engine still in perfect condition because a colony of bees had turned the engine into a hive and it was totally perserved in beeswax.

### Composition
When the Lancaster bomber crashed it was not too badly damaged, but the island was so remote that the plane remained undisturbed for more than twenty years.
Now some enthusiasts who are absolutely delighted in France plan to have the plane restored.
They will only need to have three of engines rebuilt because the forth engine is preserved in beeswax and it is still sweet as honey.
